README.md, before:

# Obsidian Advanced Merge
Merge a folder of notes for easier export. This plugin is designed for [obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) app.

![preview](https://github.com/antoKeinanen/obsidian-advanced-merger/blob/master/media/1%200Ghz5j7MB_oKJdxoIc5-lg.gif?raw=true)
<p align="center">
Preview of the plugin. Image by
<a href="https://medium.com/technology-hits/obsidian-plugins-review-14-20d087f0e23a">Nuno Campos</a>
</p>

## Installation
Installation through obsidian plugin marketplace is not yet supported. But Advanced Merge can be downloaded manually.

1. Download the latest release from [releases page](https://github.com/antoKeinanen/obsidian-advanced-merger/releases).
2. Extract the zip archive.
3. Move the 2 files (`manifest.json`, and `main.js`) to `<your obsidian vault folder>/.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-advanced-merger`
4. Start obsidian, go to settings>community plugins, and turn `Advanced merger` on.

## Usage
Using Advanced merge is very easy! Just right click a folder and select `merge folder`.

## Support
You can support me by buying me a coffee at [buymeacoffee.com](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/antokeinanen)!

Commit message:

update readme.md to reflect the ability to install via community plugins

README.md, after:

# Obsidian Advanced Merge
Merge a folder of notes for easier export. This plugin is designed for [obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) app.

![preview](https://github.com/antoKeinanen/obsidian-advanced-merger/blob/master/media/1%200Ghz5j7MB_oKJdxoIc5-lg.gif?raw=true)
<p align="center">
Preview of the plugin. Image by
<a href="https://medium.com/technology-hits/obsidian-plugins-review-14-20d087f0e23a">Nuno Campos</a>
</p>

## Installation
### Installation through Obsidian community marketplace
This plugin can now be installed inside obsidian in the community plugins tab. [Link](obsidian://show-plugin?id=advanced-merger)
1. Go to obsidian settings panel.
2. Open community plugins tab.
3. Browse community plugins.
4. Search `Advanced Merger`.
5. Install and enable the plugin.

### Manual installation
1. Download the latest release from [releases page](https://github.com/antoKeinanen/obsidian-advanced-merger/releases).
2. Extract the zip archive.
3. Move the 2 files (`manifest.json`, and `main.js`) to `<your obsidian vault folder>/.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-advanced-merger`
4. Start obsidian, go to settings>community plugins, and turn `Advanced merger` on.

## Usage
Using Advanced merge is very easy! Just right click a folder and select `merge folder`.

## Support
You can support me by buying me a coffee at [buymeacoffee.com](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/antokeinanen)!
